README.md, before:

# LLaMA 

This repository is intended as a minimal, hackable and readable example to load [LLaMA](https://ai.facebook.com/blog/large-language-model-llama-meta-ai/) ([arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2302.13971v1)) models and run inference.
In order to download the checkpoints and tokenizer, fill this [google form](https://forms.gle/jk851eBVbX1m5TAv5)

### Setup
In a conda env with pytorch / cuda available, run
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
Then in this repository
```
pip install -e .
```

### Download
Once your request is approved, you will receive links to download the tokenizer and model files.
Edit the `download.sh` script with the signed url provided in the email to download the model weights and tokenizer.

### Inference
The provided `example.py` can be run on a single or multi-gpu node with `torchrun` and will output completions for two pre-defined prompts. Using `TARGET_FOLDER` as defined in `download.sh`:
```
torchrun --nproc_per_node MP example.py --ckpt_dir $TARGET_FOLDER/model_size --tokenizer_path $TARGET_FOLDER/tokenizer.model
```

Different models require different MP values:

|  Model | MP |
|--------|----|
| 7B     | 1  |
| 13B    | 2  |
| 33B    | 4  |
| 65B    | 8  |


### Model Card
See [MODEL_CARD.md](MODEL_CARD.md)

### License
See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

Commit message:

Save bandwidth by using a torrent to distribute more efficiently

README.md, after:

# LLaMA 

This repository is intended as a minimal, hackable and readable example to load [LLaMA](https://ai.facebook.com/blog/large-language-model-llama-meta-ai/) ([arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2302.13971v1)) models and run inference.
In order to download the checkpoints and tokenizer, fill this [google form](https://forms.gle/jk851eBVbX1m5TAv5) or if it you want to save our bandwidth use this bit torrent link: [magnet:?xt=urn:btih:ZXXDAUWYLRUXXBHUYEMS6Q5CE5WA3LVA&dn=LLaMA](magnet:?xt=urn:btih:ZXXDAUWYLRUXXBHUYEMS6Q5CE5WA3LVA&dn=LLaMA)

### Setup
In a conda env with pytorch / cuda available, run
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
Then in this repository
```
pip install -e .
```

### Download
Once your request is approved, you will receive links to download the tokenizer and model files.
Edit the `download.sh` script with the signed url provided in the email to download the model weights and tokenizer.

### Inference
The provided `example.py` can be run on a single or multi-gpu node with `torchrun` and will output completions for two pre-defined prompts. Using `TARGET_FOLDER` as defined in `download.sh`:
```
torchrun --nproc_per_node MP example.py --ckpt_dir $TARGET_FOLDER/model_size --tokenizer_path $TARGET_FOLDER/tokenizer.model
```

Different models require different MP values:

|  Model | MP |
|--------|----|
| 7B     | 1  |
| 13B    | 2  |
| 33B    | 4  |
| 65B    | 8  |


### Model Card
See [MODEL_CARD.md](MODEL_CARD.md)

### License
See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.
